[Music]
boy there never seems to be enough hours
in a day ever wonder what would happen
if time just I don't know took a timeout
what if you could make like dr. strange
and stop time all together it's fun to
think about when you imagine all the
stuff you could do but what about the
hypothetical reality ding ding ding for
those of you paying close attention yes
hypothetical reality is indeed an
oxymoron and you get 10 points to answer
that time question you first need to ask
another what exactly is time you might
consider at the moving hands on a clock
or the first set of numbers we see when
we glance at our phone perhaps it's the
way the Sun travels across the sky or
each birthday you celebrate it's all of
those things when you think about it but
in straight-up scientific terms time is
the progression of events from the past
to now and then on to the future
physicists can make defining time a lot
more complicated than that but at the
end of the day it's a system of
measurement asking what time it is would
be like asking what an inch is it's just
an inch bend your thumb and it's the
distance between the second knuckle and
the tip so if we stop time that means we
have a measurement of zero in other
words we have nothing think of it this
way remember learning about time
distance and speed back in school here's
a refresher speed equals distance
divided by time let's take our time
measure of zero
oh it's on the bottom of that equation
can you still hear your teacher saying
you can never ever divide by zero it's
like if you have no pieces of gum yet
all your friends are asking for some
can't divide or distribute nothing fine
then let's move that zero to another
part of the equation so that the
universe doesn't implode time is also
distance over speed so 0 equals 0 right
zero time zero speed zero distance in
other words if you stop time nothing
would move
yeah just like in the movies you can
walk around and touch stuff as if it's
frozen in midair oh no my friend not
even close when I say nothing moves I
mean nothing nada yet
Zippo there would be no light because
photons that is the most basic unit of
light and theoretically the fastest
moving objects in the entire universe
can't move either since the photons
aren't moving and going into your eyes
you wouldn't be able to see anything at
all and that's just the beginning
air wouldn't move either since it's also
made up of molecules so say goodbye to
breathing not that your blood needs that
oxygen because it wouldn't be pumping
through your veins with all molecules at
a standstill
there'd be no heat either so it's also
about to get very cold basically without
time you'd be blind unable to breathe
and frozen solid sorry
beyond Earth the stopping of time would
also mean the basic forces of the
universe would also cease to be you know
like gravity also an Einstein's theory
of relativity space and time are
interconnected and interdependent so
without time space can't exist if you
stop time you stop everything as we know
it no universe no nothing well that was
a letdown bummer
fine let's change the rules because the
reality of the hypothetic is no fun in
my book let's say I've been gifted a
sort of supernatural pause button the
world around me just stops when I press
it but all that laws of physics stuff
stays the way it is the only catch I can
use it just once one pause one resume
whoo let's do this oh wait wait wait
wait wait I first need to consider when
I'm going to hit pause right I mean if I
temporarily stop time during rush hour
on a holiday weekend traffic is going to
be impossible if I do it in the middle
of the night nothing will be open and
what fun is that hmm how about I don't
know 10:30 on a Tuesday morning just
before lunch
everyone's at work but all my favorite
stores are still open
sweet here
we go and stop whoa neato
look at all the people frozen in place
yeah I stopped everything just as that
guy over there was trippin on the curb
that's gonna hurt when I start time back
up later I'm getting distracted okay
first things first I'm loading up on
ice-cream and video games I mean what
good is this time-stopping thing if I'm
not able to indulge my inner kid for at
least a week or three hey yeah still me
I finally beat that 200 hour fantasy RPG
I never used to have time to play I'm
well-rested
but I've going up to pant sizes now what
hmm
time to hit the gym how do I know how
long I've been on the treadmill in this
scenario and never mind I'll just run
laps then hit the weights
man I am gonna be so buff when I unpause
I may just have to consider a new career
as a professional bodybuilder hey maybe
that QT that lives in the apartment
across the hall will notice my ripped
bud well if I'm taking advantage of this
time to get my body in shape maybe I
should work on my mind too instead of
just watching reruns of my favorite
sitcom at the gym I'll listen to a few
audiobooks I'll check out some
documentaries while I'm at it hit me up
with your recommendations on what to
watch and listen to down in the comments
I've got all the time in the world I'm
starting to feel a little guilty about
taking all those video games earlier
maybe I should return them to the store
before unpause I yeah that'd be the
right thing to do I can't quite return
the ice cream though I'll leave some
money on the counter there now my
conscience can rest assured no hang on
I'll just leave this mattress here for
when this poor guy finally hits the
ground there you go buddy
okay I've gotten in shape looking good
feeling fantastic sworn off anymore
borrowing if you know what I mean now
what I'd love to visit the zoo but I
can't imagine the monkeys will be much
fun to watch when they're paused so
that's out
I would watch a ballgame but it's still
10:30 a.m. and everybody's paused wait
that's right all the people are frozen
in time
I've been maneuvering around them all
this time and never even considered how
my boss would look better if he finally
got rid of that cheesy mustache of his
woohoo let me pop into the barber shop
and borrow this electric razor here I
know I swore off borrowing this is the
last time promise just my boss's
mustache and that's it
Oh in a clown wig actually that one
isn't just for my boss clown wigs for
everybody one last thing before I unn
stop the world I've always wanted to
have time to visit museums and cultural
places let's start with Natural History
dinosaur bones here I come I wonder what
a Brachiosaurus would do if it could
stop time probably do it right before
the meteorite hit I bet on to the Art
Museum I'm gonna stare at these
paintings and sculptures until they make
sense if it's the last thing I do like
this one with the triangles I'm starting
to feel inspired to create some art of
my own oh there are a few empty spots on
the wall here in the museum I think I'll
hang a few paintings of my own up and
see how long it takes anyone to notice
now I just need to clean this paint off
my hands and we'll start time back up
again as I turn off the faucet I look up
and for the first time I notice myself
in the mirror are those wrinkles and my
hair is my hair gray and didn't there
used to be a lot more of it how long has
it been well at least I finally got
six-pack ABS and just look at all the
fun stuff I did maybe we shouldn't stop
time because as it goes we develop gain
experience and grow okay I'll unpause
time now so that everybody else can do
the same how about you what would you do
if you could stop time once let me know
in the comments below if you learned
something new or had a good time with me
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend
but hey don't go doing the time warp
again just yet use some of your extra
time to explore the over 2000 cool
videos we have for you on check out just
click on this left or right video and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life